[Music]
so this is the real star of power book 2
ghost and with all of the loose ends
tied up from the original power series
and with the introduction of the tardis
and all of the returning and new
characters such as mecca this is going
to be the beginning for powerball 2
ghost and we're going to kick off pretty
much from where we left off after tariq
jabari as we see curry confirming
jabari's identity and it looks like
tariq is going to be the one who's going
to be charged for the murder as saks
tells mclean we also see mecca and kane
theo rollins who's going to be davis
maclean's brother rashad tate who's
going to be involved in the storyline
with tariq zeke's going to be questioned
there's going to be a lot that's going
to go on in season two and holy
kanan's going to be returning in
hallucination which we're going to talk
about in a bit more detail later on in
this video but as we move into season 2
are some of the episode titles which
have been revealed this season is going
to focus heavily on tariq's dilemmas
that he's going to face as we saw him
and lauren debating in his class but in
this video we're going to break down the
trailer as well as over the next few
days as usual but of course if you're
new to the channel and you haven't done
so already remember to smash the
subscriber and you're going to see
everything powerball to ghost and power
universe related let's start with the
synopsis for season 2 which reads power
book 2 ghost begins its second season
with tariq st patrick still running from
a legacy that haunts him forced into the
choice of taking the life of his
professor jabari tariq finds himself
drifting further from that which he has
been invited to protect his family with
tasha and witness protection tariq knows
he must sacrifice anything to save
what's left of his family unable to do
it alone he turns to those wielding
power and influence such as davis mclean
cooper sacks and rashad tate all of
these are going to come with a steep
price so it's going to be back to
business with the tahardas however these
two murders involving stansfield
monetary has to question if tariq is
what's best for a family because she's
going to want to protect zeke's
basketball career at all costs just like
we saw in this trailer and drew and
diana going to question her moves as she
grows more distracted especially when
monet goes as far as trusting kane again
despite his actions against his family
in doing so moani's going to find
herself in bed with mecca a man who
wants to show her a new world
potentially at the cost of destroying
her old one forcing money to lean on
tariq who must decide what he really
wants and what he's going to sacrifice
to get it and this pretty much ties in
with what we saw in the trailer and
we're going to start with what we saw
with tariq because holy we're going
to see kanan coming back in a
hallucination for tariq telling him that
he's supposed to be on his mind but
we're going to get to that in a moment
there's going to be a lot going on with
tariq in season two with jabari's murder
being the center of attention as we see
curry identifying the body and breedon
finding out that a professor at
stansfield was murdered and no doubt
braden is going to be able to connect
the dots that terry cocaine could have
been involved and it's definitely the
hot topic on campus all of the students
are going to be questioned at stansfield
and it's going to be way too hot to do
any business in at the moment there's
going to be kevin whitman who's going to
be the detective in season 2 and jenny
sullivan who's going to be heavily
involved in the investigation jenny's
going to be in bed with cooper sacks and
this is going to be huge in the whole
investigation because he'll be able to
access key parts of the investigation
for his client which could very well be
tariq by the looks of this trailer sax
tells davis maclean that his favorite
client could be mixed up in yet another
murder and as we read the synopsis
earlier on tariq is going to need the
help of a lot of powerful people this
season and davis mclean is going to be
one of them he's going to need him and
this is why he's going to be forced into
working with the tardis as we move into
season two davis mclean of course won't
turn money down as he senses this as an
opportunity to make even more money from
tariq and i'm sure he's telling him
later on not to talk to anyone and this
could very well be tariq's joe proctor
so tariq is going to be under fire from
all angles as we see him being taken
into the police station no doubt to be
questioned about the jabari murder or
possibly even the boss murderer as well
but we all know that tariq's been in a
police station before in power when they
planted the gun on canaan and he was
killed he was taught to lie by his
parents so i have no doubt that tariq
would be able to hold it down again in
this situation so we see him telling
kane that everything is going to be fine
and he's going to have everything under
control kane's gonna tell him that he's
not gonna go down for this and one key
moment that we spoke about during the
power off season does tariq still have
the murder weapon and we call it a
position of power because i definitely
think he has and it could be crucial in
the whole investigation and whoever goes
down for the murder of jabari and moani
wants tariq to make sure that nobody's
looking in his direction because she
wants to protect zika at all costs but
no doubt all eyes are going to be on
tariq and she want to reek in the
trailer you know what's going to happen
if you're lying and tariq definitely
knows the consequences of this game and
then we actually see zeke being
questioned towards the end of this
trailer and the question is can he hold
it down because he's someone who seems
like he'll crack under pressure from
what we've seen of him in season one he
told monet that he thinks he has to tell
them what he knows and when they put his
basketball career on the line what
choice is he gonna make and zeke is
actually one of my death predictions
going into season two but moana's gonna
do everything she can do to protect him
and we're gonna see her pulling the
trigger on someone again and according
to her character she's gonna be a savage
this season but let's wait and see and
this whole situation that tariq finds
himself in is why he's not just going to
see the help of davis mclean in cooper
sacks but also richard as he tells him
that he could use the help of someone of
his status and this is how richard is
going to be involved in the storyline of
season 2 of ghost in the lead-up to his
spin-off but as we read through the
synopsis for season two tariq is going
to have more problems than one he's
gonna have to protect his family and
that includes his baby sister yasmine as
we see her with a cut across her head
and tariq says that he's her family he's
gonna look after her and he's gonna feel
like he needs to protect his baby sister
and he's going to do whatever he can do
just like he tells us but holy this
is something we've spoken about a number
of times and i'm sure at some point
tariq was going to have a hallucination
of either ghost or kanan and it seems
like he's going to be kanan first which
makes sense because he's the person that
tariq looked up to he was tarik's best
friend and the person that showed him
the game and taught him the game he
accepted tariq for who he was which
ghost wasn't willing to do and as kanan
told us in power that tariq was the
gangster born inside of him he was more
savage than ghost wars at his age we're
gonna hear kanan telling tariq that he's
supposed to be on this man and it's
too late to be scared now and no doubt
tariq is gonna be in a situation here
that's for sure the last time we saw him
in a black vest was when he killed
jabari and with kanan popping up in his
hallucinations no doubt he's in a
situation where he's just about to kill
someone again just like when kanan
popped up in his hallucinations before
he convinced him that he should be the
one that has to kill ghost and not touch
her and this is definitely my favorite
part of the trailer kanan returning in a
hallucination but elsewhere in the
trailer we see effie honey tariqa bag of
product in the trailer and later on in
the trailer even getting into a fight
with diana so this love triangle is
another issue for tariq lorenzo in
prison tariq and monet both clocking a
gun and also hitting lauren by the looks
of this drew back at home and punching
someone and he's definitely going to be
a changed person this season that's for
sure especially after being shot we see
davis maclean visiting his brother in
prison and i'm looking forward to seeing
the history of davis mclean and why his
brother's in jail does he have something
to do with him going down for example
did he take the wrap for something that
davis maclean did and could even
possibly be in prison with lorenzo as
they seem to be wearing the same colour
jumpsuits we're also going to see
another jewelry heist and an easter egg
in connection to how we saw the jewelry
heist in season three of power with
jukebox planned with kanan and her crew
and who could be pulling this lake we're
just gonna have to wait and see but
mecca and kane now this is something i'm
looking forward to seeing as they seem
like they're gonna be working together
as he hunted my knife and whoever this
is kane is about to deal with him and we
are definitely gonna be seeing a lot of
gunfire this season as we saw in
multiple seeds during the trailer so
that was the official trailer for season
two and we're going to break it down
even more in terms of characters and the
different story arcs over the next few
days and especially with kanan's
returning into week's hallucinations
this trailer gave us a lot to talk about
and we've not even seen two bit yet so i
do wonder what's actually going to
happen with too big going into season
two and it's going to be very
interesting with what happens with this
character because he still needs to come
back and collect from tariq two other
characters which we never saw in the
trailer were crystal ball and roberto
but it does seem like they're going to
be back as they're listed on imdb but
what their roles are going gonna be
we're just gonna have to wait and see
but there is still so much more to cover
over the next few days as we dissect the
trailer even more but let me know what
you guys thought of the trailer down
below in the comment section drop all
your predictions and thoughts now that
you've seen the season 2 trailer drop
all your predictions for characters such
as kane tariq braden and how to reach us
to protect his baby sister yazmin so
drop all your thoughts and theories down
below and of course if you're new to the
channel and you haven't done so already
remember to smash the subscriber and you
shouldn't see everything powerful too
empower universe related but as always
thank you guys for watching and i'll see
you
next time